how do you take whatever you're selling
the deliverables of what you're selling
and turn it into an actual offer so that
a lot more people end up actually buying
it that's what I to talk to you about
today but first if you don't know who I
am my name is Daniel faio we did
$798,000 in cash collected last month I
brought a SAS company called list kit
and Consulting coaching company called
client Ascension and Olympia and I'll
tell you about that later but first
somebody in client Ascension asked me
yesterday how to sell one of his clients
offers so he has a couple clients and
one of them is selling data ironically
cuz I'm also selling data via list kit
and what this guy was say it's basically
just lists of emails he like Hey how do
I turn this into an actual offer now the
first thing that we need to delineate
between is what is the difference
between a deliverable versus an offer
like what is actually an offer so an
offer it's a set of deliverables that
lead to a client being able to get a
quantifiable and tangible result so
let's make a comparison here real quick
between data sheets versus Cod email
lead generation as a service if you're
running a done for you cold email lead
generation service business what you can
do is you can go to a client you can say
hey I'll guarantee you sign or I
guarantee you'll Book 15 calls per month
if you don't get that you get a refund
here's a bunch of case studies right you
can tangibly say that this is going to
get you this result let's compare that
to just the data sheets the ability of a
sheet of data to be able to generate a
result for the client is contingent upon
the client having a way way to send
emails to the list in the first place so
it's contingent upon them already having
a cold email system now this poses a
problem because there exists way more
people on the planet who do not send
cold emails than who do send cold emails
so if you're trying to sell this which
is inevitably going to happen if you're
trying to sell this to people who don't
send cold emails it's not going to work
because there's not a full facilitation
of doing something with the deliverable
you can't just sell a sheet of data to
somebody who doesn't do outbound email
marketing it doesn't make any sense it
doesn't lead to any kind of result now
there's nothing wrong with running
deliverable based businesses cuz that's
what this is It's is a deliverable based
business and you would just have to sell
it to people who already send cold
emails or who are already actively
looking for it so I need to give you
some definitions we're going to get real
skitso nerdy in this real quick there's
a difference between a demand generation
offer and a demand capture offer so a
demand generation offer is an offer that
you can create create demand for that's
what I was getting at earlier if you
were running a done for you cold email
business and you help you do the whole
system for someone that's a demand
generation offer you can generate demand
for that a demand capture offer is
something that either doesn't exactly
lead to a quantifiable result or only
can be sold if somebody is actively
looking for it and that is what data is
a sheet of data is a demand capture
offer because you cannot generate demand
for a sheet of data it has to be sold to
somebody who that has contended upon
them already having something else or it
just never functionally works to sell it
to cold traffic unless there is some
other indicator that they're already
looking for it demand capture offer can
only be sold to somebody who was already
looking for it now two more definitions
there are demand generation mechanisms
and demand capture mechanisms so a
demand capture mechanism is something
like Google ads it is you quite
literally intercepting the demand as it
is occurr so for instance if you get in
a car accident and you search up like
car accident attorney and a Google ad
pops up for a personal injury car
accident attorneys that is a demand
capture offer being sold via a demand
capture mechanism they are intercepting
you at the moment it occurs if you're a
car accident attorney it doesn't make
any sense to try to convince people that
they need a car accident attorney when
they haven't been in a car accident you
see it's contingent upon something else
occurring so therefore it makes the most
sense to sell a demand capture offer
with the demand capture mechanism you
see what it mean you need access to the
people who are already exhibiting an
indicator that they wanted right now
that's really the only way to sell it
now let's compare this to a demand
generation mechanism a demand generation
mechanism is something like cold email
or met ads or on Instagram and that and
an ad pops up that's a demand generation
mechanism it literally means that you
are interrupting somebody and you're
trying to create the demand for the
thing right there via the interruption
you see what it mean so you can see how
this makes sense if you're trying to
sell a demand capture offer with the
demand generation mechanism it doesn't
work because the sale is contingent upon
the demand capture indicator occurring
you see what I mean therefore if you are
selling a demand capture offer it makes
the most sense to use a demand capture
mechanism however there are are still
some instances where maybe you can only
do a demand generation mechanism while
selling a demand capture offer so what
would you do if you were trying to sell
this like data sheet via cold email or
you were trying to sell it via meta ads
or if you're doing cold email you would
need to make sure the list is generated
and all of the people on the list
already actively send cold email so you
would need to make sure that that is the
case in the first place second thing you
could do is just absolutely turbo Ram
vol volum to just buy happen stance
attempt to find somebody who was
otherwise looking for it in the first
place very inefficient means to operate
this now the last and most useful way is
to just try to morph the demand capture
offer into a demand generation offer in
the first place so what would that mean
okay you're selling a sheet of data but
now you're not just selling the sheet of
data you're helping them actually do the
cold emails you see what I mean you just
you you want to push it it's generally
easier to sell demand generation offers
so therefore it makes a ton of sense
sense to try and just morph demand
capture offers into demand generation
offers cuz it's just all around way
easier to sell these think about these
Concepts when you're trying to sell your
offer and if you got some value for this
please subscribe I going leave two links
in the description if you're below 25k a
month you want help getting there you
should join client Ascension and if
you're above 25k a month and you want to
scale to 100K 200k 300K a month with ads
there's a case study that I'm going to
link below where we spent
$432,000 in ads and made $236 million in
Revenue so if you want to see that case
study that's join olympia. the link is
in the description all right peace L
love you